Create SECURITY.md (#92)
copilot-extensions/preview-sdk.js: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

> ## Supported Versions
> 
> Currently, this SDK's releases are automated using [semantic-release](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release) and thus, all releases are in scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supported Versions

Important security fixes will be back-ported to at least the two most recent versions.
```

## Reporting a Vulnerability

This repository uses GitHub's [private vulnerability reporting](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/security-advisories/guidance-on-reporting-and-writing-information-about-vulnerabilities/privately-reporting-a-security-vulnerability) feature.

> Please follow [this guide](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/security-advisories/guidance-on-reporting-and-writing-information-about-vulnerabilities/privately-reporting-a-security-vulnerability#privately-reporting-a-security-vulnerability) to submit a vulnerability report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can submit a vulnerability report at https://github.com/copilot-extensions/preview-sdk.js/security/advisories/new.
```
